#genericconnector Demo - Client

This module contains 5 main source files, as follows, but also contains web service client code generated by `wsimport` when maven executes the `generate-sources` phase. **Note** that if you are using an IDE like Eclipse you need to run that phase and then add `target/generated/cxf/` as a source folder.

`SomeServiceThatBindsResourcesIntoTransaction.java` => This file represents a service which binds multiple resources into a global transaction and shows how to call web services from your business code, using Java 8.

`SomeServiceThatBindsResourcesIntoTransaction_JavaSE6.java` => This file represents a service which binds multiple resources into a global transaction and shows how to call web services from your business code, using Java 6.

`TransactionAssistanceSetup.java` => This file shows how to register commit, rollback and recover callbacks, using Java 8.

`TransactionAssistanceSetup_JavaSE6.java` => This file shows how to register commit, rollback and recover callbacks, using Java 6.

`ResourceServlet.java` => This file is a simple servlet which calls the service which binds multiple resources into a single global transaction. It is used for testing.

##Tests from your browser:

- http://localhost:8080/genericconnectordemo/ResourceServlet => positive test case with everything committed
- http://localhost:8080/genericconnectordemo/ResourceServlet?refNum=FAILDB => foreign key constraint violation causes failure at end of process, everything is rolled back
- http://localhost:8080/genericconnectordemo/ResourceServlet?refNum=FAILWSAcquirer =>  the acquirer fails during execution
- http://localhost:8080/genericconnectordemo/ResourceServlet?refNum=FAILWSBookingSystem =>  the booking system fails during execution
- http://localhost:8080/genericconnectordemo/ResourceServlet?refNum=FAILWSLetterWriter =>  the letter writer fails during execution

##Other tests:
- Add a breakpoint during commit and undeploy the web services => eventually, when you redeploy the web services, the transactions will be commited.
- Add a breakpoint during commit and kill the database. => the transactions in the web services are committed.  After restarting the database, the transaction should be commit. Watch out on Mysql versions prior to 5.7!
- Add a breakpoint during commit, and kill the server. After server restart, the web services become committed (wait 2 minutes for JBoss to run recovery!). Database also.

##Places to check for transaction state:

- The database, in the `temp.person` and `temp.address` tables => one row is written per call to the servlet
- In the folder jboss/standalone/data/bookingsystem-tx-object-store/ => either a file name exec...txt exists and the transaction is incomplete, or the file has been deleted.
- In the folder jboss/standalone/data/letterwriter-tx-object-store/ => either a file name exec...txt exists and the transaction is incomplete, or the file has been deleted.
- In the folder ~/temp/xa-transactions-state-acquirer/ => file named exectxt exists if transaction is incomplete; file named commit...txt exists if transaction was committed; file named rollback...txt exists if transaction was rolled back.

